Go away to Lao Tzu
I see who dares to do it?
This kid is making trouble here
You find a few people to kick him out
What are you?
Hey, you should also command me
Not Tiger Lord
This is Wang Fan, the birthday of the Wang family
A young master of the Wang family is worthy to talk to me
The head of the Wang family is almost here.
And you, what the hell are you?
Hey, it's me
Vice President of Calligraphy and Painting Association Official Guy
I called you.
Oh, so it's you today?
Yes, Lord Tiger, hurry up and deal with this guy
I'll go to you.
Tiger, why are you hitting me?
It's against him
Tiger, he told you to hit me
Hurry up, what tiger master
Master, you call me Bug 6 Line
How dare I deal with you?
What are you still doing?
Don't catch these trash
Don't see my master is angry.
Hey, this way, this way
Your Majesty, think of a way
Master Wei Hu, are you breaking your word?
I handed in the black card.
Your black card has been used today.
I almost got killed
Still want to command me
Drag him out and call me today
The father who beat him didn't even know him, White Tiger
It's up to you here
Oh, I'm going back to bed.
Master walk slowly
Don't worry.
I promise to pack him up properly today
Fortunately, if you dare to hit me
Our Wang family will not let you go
Hehe, don't let me go, right?
Then I will educate you well today.